Ethan Worth, Joshua Shetler
Java App Dev First Deliverable
1/19/2021

> The goal of this project is to create an application to score games of darts and store information about users between sessions. We plan to use a MVVM architecture to allow functionally independent development of the front- and back-end. For the front end, we plan to use a Swing/AWT GUI. The back end will be a series of classes.
	
> When the application starts up, a DartView window will open. That DartView object will have a DartViewModel object which will link it to a Game object. Game is an abstract class representing the core features of a darts game: players, scores, and turns. The temporary state of the Game (current turn, current player) is stored directly in the Game object, while the long-term information (players, scores, dart counts, game winner) is stored in a separate GameInfo object. The purpose of this separation is to allow the preservation of the Game's information through the GameInfo object after the Game has finished. The GameInfo object will be saved to a file (likely json or xml) from which it could be read back and displayed at a later date. However, Game is an abstract class (as you cannot play just a generic game, you must chose a specific ruleset). Specific variations of darts are represented by derived classes of Game each with their own unique "GameEvent addScore(byte)" method which takes a player's score, updates the game state, and returns a GameEvent enum if something interesting happened (for example, it would return GameEvent.GAMEOVER if a player has won). The final piece of the puzzle is the User class which stores a name and a unique ID for the each user. Games may also have temporary guest users denoted by an id of -1. These users can play games like anyone else, but their information will not be stored between games. The UI will include, a view of the 
concurrent gameplay, as well as a window to display past results. It will display most information of the gameObject that is imported. 
	
> This architecture does omit a key component of the proposed application: reading and displaying data about past games. This functionality may be implemented as static function of User and Game classes or as separate "scanner" classes or directly in the front-end.